Yesterday I became looking for you,
I gave you a thousand words. You don't have any money.
Luo Ruan, I'll talk to you again.
I lost money yesterday.
Hello, okay,
I see. What a dead thing to continue.
marry. What did you say.
marry. I went to get married.
knew. You should and.
Fake thoughts. You should be the same as if you thought of sending it.
That happened. Should just stay.
I will be like him. Leave.
Except for the injury to my hand, I will go to the personnel department and stay.
Don't worry, it won't be long. Within three days,
I'll do it all. Ben out!
I want to have happiness.
I haven't.
Don’t even think about leaving in the future
I've already thought about it
No need to hand over any work anymore
I'm going to pack my things now